

Bob goes to visit his friend Jim, who lives across the country. You will hear a story that Jim tells Bob.

It's insanely fortunate that you got here today rather than yesterday. Yesterday was insanely stressfull because my laptop broke and I had to get a new one. Fortunately I'm insanely paranoid and back up my computer every week, so I haven't lost any insanely important data. But I can't do my job without a working laptop, so I had to get a new one insanely quickly, and the store was insanely busy because of the holidays.

They had started giving people numbers for getting to the cash registers. They had set up seating rather than having people wait in line, which was kind of nice. They had a screen up above the register telling everyone the current wait time, which was insanely long. I thought about going to a different store, but I decided it was insanely unlikely that any other store would have better conditions at this time of year. I got number 87, and sat down.

There were three other people buying laptops, so we all talked about our choices for a while. We talked about the prices and the features and what we wanted to use the laptops for. Once that became insanely boring, we started talking about other things.

One of the people buying laptops, whose name was Steven, told a dog he had recently rescued. The dog sounded insanely cute. It had been wandering around the streets and Steven had almost hit the dog with his car. He was insanely startled, so he pulled over and went running around chasing the dog. He read its collar and called its owners, who were insanely relieved to hear that he had found the dog. They picked up the dog later that day and the next week brought Steven a batch of insanely delicious chocolate chip cookies.

Another one of the people buying laptops was named Tom. He works in a bookstore, and said that, just like the electronics store, his store had also been insanely busy because of the holidays. He had an insanely bizarre story about an apparently crazy lady who came into the bookstore at the end of his shift last week. She had a brand-new bow and arrow from the sporting goods store across the street. She said she had insanely valuable stores of jade to trade for armor and asked Tom if the bookseller who makes armor was working today. Tom said this felt insanely surreal. He asked her to write a message for the bookseller and he would try to deliver it.

Another guy named Carl complained about his neighbors Christmas light decorations. The whole thing was apparently insanely bright and decorative. I might go and look at those decorations at some point. They sounded pretty, although I would be annoyed to have such insanely bright lights next to my window at night.

I was almost sad when my number got called and I got to leave. They were nice people to hang out with. Still, Bob, I'm insanely glad that I was able to take care of this before you got here. It would have been insanely annoying to have this happen and not be able to hang out with you while you're here.

What was Jim trying to buy?
Jim was trying to buy a _laptop_.

What kind of animal did Steven rescue?
Steven rescued a _dog_.

What kind of store does Tom work in?
Tom works in a _book_ store.

Do Jim and Bob live in the same town?
_No_.

Later on, Jim says to Bob, "The laptop that Steven bought was insanely expensive." What do you think the price of Steven's laptop was?

Later on, Jim says to Bob, "The laptop that Tom bought was outrageously expensive." What do you think the price of Tom's laptop was?

Later on, Jim says to Bob, "The laptop that Carl bought was expensive." What do you think the price of Carl's laptop was?